Update capacity-reservation-overview.md - Adjusted readability and cl… (#111367)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-machines/capacity-reservation-overview.md

**Applies to:** :heavy_check_mark: Linux VMs :heavy_check_mark: Windows VMs :heavy_check_mark: Uniform scale set :heavy_check_mark: Flexible scale sets

> On-demand Capacity Reservation enables you to reserve Compute capacity in an Azure region or an Availability Zone at any time. Unlike [Reserved Instances](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/reserved-vm-instances/), you don't have to sign up for a 1-year or a 3-year term commitment. You can request and delete Capacity reservations giving you control over how you want to manage your reservations.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On-demand Capacity Reservation enables you to reserve compute capacity in an Azure region or an Availability Zone for any duration of time. Unlike [Reserved Instances](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/reserved-vm-instances/), you don't have to sign up for a 1-year or a 3-year term commitment. You can request and delete capacity reservations at any time and have full control over how you want to manage your reservations.  
```
